c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesome Browser.exe.config
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesome Browser.exe
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesome Browser.pdb
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesome Browser.xml
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome Browser.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome_Browser.Form1.resources
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome_Browser.Resources.resources
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome_Browser.Tab.resources
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome Browser.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome Browser.exe
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome Browser.xml
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome Browser.pdb
c:\users\assassinted\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Awesome Browser\Awesome Browser\obj\Debug\Awesome_Browser.Settings.resources
